TabStrip: Docs for Visible and PersistContent parameters. Refactoring the current docs (#619)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/tabs-configuration.md

---
title: Tabs Configuration
page_title: TabStrip Tabs Configuration
description: Overview of the TabStrip for Blazor.
slug: tabstrip-tabs-configuration
tags: telerik,blazor,tab,strip,tabstrip,overview
published: True
position: 7
---

# Tabs Configuration

> You can configure the `TabStripTab` component and its child `TabStrip` instances through the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the `TabStripTab` instances in a TabStrip through the following parameters:
```

* [Title](#title)
* [Visible](#visible)
* [Disabled](#disabled)

## Title

> The `Title` parameter allows you to define the desired text that will be rendered in the Tab heading. If not set, no text will be rendered in the `TabStrip` heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Title` parameter allows you to define the desired text that will be rendered in the Tab heading. If not set, no text will be rendered in the Tab heading.
```

>caption Set the desired title for the tab heading.

````CSHTML
<TelerikTabStrip >
    <TabStripTab Title="First">
        First tab content.
    </TabStripTab>
    <TabStripTab Title="Second">
        Second tab content.
    </TabStripTab>
    <TabStripTab Title="Third">
        Third tab content.
    </TabStripTab>
</TelerikTabStrip>
````

## Visible

> You can control the visibility of the tabs through the `Visible` parameter the `TabStripTab` exposes. If you toggle a tab visibility at runtime, its order will be preserved.

Reviewer: We may want to clarify why we mention the note about tab order. When it is not preserved?

```suggestion
Control tab visibility through the `Visible` parameter of the `TabStripTab`. If you toggle the visibility at runtime, the tab order will be preserved.
```

Author: The note is not because the order is not preserved is some cases but because this was highly requested. If it is considered confusing, I can remove it.
